add colab_link (#202)
internetarchive/openlibrary-client: README.md

For more examples, you can take a look at our [examples directory](examples/scripts) on Python scripts for specific use cases that are needed.

### Google Colab

> You can view interactive documentation of openlibrary-client at this [Google Colab document.](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/10prZ3JwaV1ATJiR_xC6Y-oU7ApRHwaxG?usp=sharing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view interactive documentation of openlibrary-client and how to use it to build bots at this [Google Colab document](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/10prZ3JwaV1ATJiR_xC6Y-oU7ApRHwaxG).
```
